Release 2.0.0 (#6250)
antrea-io/antrea: CHANGELOG/CHANGELOG-2.0.md

# Changelog 2.0

## 2.0.0 - 2024-04-26

### Added

- Support `LoadBalancerIPMode` in AntreaProxy to implement K8s [KEP-1860](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/tree/master/keps/sig-network/1860-kube-proxy-IP-node-binding). ([#6102](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6102), [@hongliangl])

> - Add `sameLabels` field support for Antrea ClusterNetworkPolicy peer Namespace selection to allow users to create ACNPs that isolate Namespaces based on their label values. ([#4537](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/4537), [@Dyanngg])

Reviewer: How about simple short liner like "Enhancing Namespaces Isolation with `sameLabels` Support in ACNP Peer Selection"?

Author: Maybe keep the format as before like `Add * field..` as following lines.

> - Add multiple physical interfaces support for secondary network bridge. ([#5959](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/5959), [@aroradaman])

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Add multiple physical interfaces support for a secondary network bridge. ([#5959](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/5959), [@aroradaman])
```

Author: Change to `interfaces support for the secondary network bridge.`

> - Add the user document for Antrea native secondary network support. ([#6015](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6015) [#6042](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6042), [@jianjuns] [@antoninbas])

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Add user documentation for Antrea native secondary network support. ([#6015](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6015) [#6042](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6042), [@jianjuns] [@antoninbas])
```

- Add a new versioned API `NetworkPolicyEvaluation` and a new antctl sub-command for querying the effective policy rule applied to particular traffic. ([#5740](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/5740) [#6112](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6112), [@qiyueyao])

### Changed

> - Multiple deprecated APIs, fields and options are removed from Antrea since v2.0.0

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Multiple deprecated APIs, fields and options have been removed from Antrea
```

>   - Remove a few deprecated v1alpha1 CRDs including `Tier`, `ClusterNetworkPolicy`, `NetworkPolicy`, `Traceflow` and `ExternalEntity`. ([#6162](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6162) [#6177](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6177) [#6238](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6238), [@luolanzone] [@hjiajing] [@antoninbas])

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  - Remove deprecated v1alpha1 CRDs `Tier`, `ClusterNetworkPolicy`, `NetworkPolicy`, `Traceflow` and `ExternalEntity`. ([#6162](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6162) [#6177](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6177) [#6238](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6238), [@luolanzone] [@hjiajing] [@antoninbas])
```

same suggestion for below

  - Remove a few deprecated v1alpha2 and v1alpha3 CRDs including `ClusterGroups`, `ExternalIPPool`, `ClusterGroup` and `Group`. ([#6049](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6049) [#6239](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6239), [@luolanzone] [@antoninbas])
  - Remove deprecated `ServiceAccount` field in ClusterSet type for Antrea Multi-cluster. ([#6134](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6134), [@luolanzone])

>   - Remove a few deprecated options including `enableIPSecTunnel`,`multicastInterfaces`, `multicluster.enable` and `legacyCRDMirroring`. ([#5158](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/5158), [@luolanzone])

Reviewer 3: Similar comment as above: we should have a comprehensive list of deprecated options here IMO, so the sentence should really read "Remove deprecated options [list]"

>   - Clean up unused codes for NodePortLocal and remove the deprecated `nplPortRange` config. ([#5943](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6943), [@luolanzone])

Reviewer 3: s/unused codes/unused code

  - Clean up deprecated APIServices. ([#6002](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6002), [@tnqn])

> - Documents are updated to reflect the latest changes with clearer guidance.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Documentation has been updated to reflect recent changes and provide better guidance to users.
```

  - Update the OVS pipeline document and workflow diagram to keep them up to date. ([#5412](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/5412), [@hongliangl])
  - Clarify documentation for `IPPool` and `ExternalIPPool` CRDs. ([#6183](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6183), [@antoninbas])
  - Document Pods using FQDN based policies must respect DNS TTL. ([#6230](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6230), [@tnqn])
  - Document the limitations of Audit Logging for policy rules. ([#6225](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6225), [@antoninbas])
- Optimizing Antrea binaries size.
  - Optimize package organization to reduce antctl binary size. ([#6037](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6037), [@tnqn])

>   - Reduce Antrea cni binary size by removing unnecessary import packages. ([#6038](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6038), [@tnqn])

Reviewer 3: s/Antrea cni binary/antrea-cni binary

it's clearer IMO

> - Add `EgressNode` field in the Traceflow Egress observation. ([#5949](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/5949), [@Atish-iaf])

Author: I feel `EgressNode` itself is clear about the purpose.

- Upgrade `IPPool` CRD to v1beta1 and make the subnet definition consistent with the one in `ExternalIPPool` CRD. ([#6036](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6036), [@mengdie-song])
- Request basic memory for antrea-controller to adjust its OOM score to avoid being killed too early by K8s scheduler. ([#6233](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6233), [@tnqn])
- Increase default rate limit of antrea-controller to improve performance for batch requests. ([#6231](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6231), [@tnqn])
- Remove Docker Support for antrea-agent on Windows. ([#6019](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6019), [@XinShuYang])

> - Publish the new split antrea-agent and antrea-controller images only by removing the unified image. ([#6182](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6182), [@antoninbas])

Reviewer 4: The causality seems a bit strange. Maybe "Stop publishing the legacy unified images."?

Reviewer: Can be like "Removal of Unified Antrea Image"

- Upgrade `IPPool` CRD to v1beta1 and make the subnet definition consistent with the one in `ExternalIPPool` CRD. ([#6036](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6036), [@mengdie-song])
- Request basic memory for antrea-controller to improve its scheduling and reduce its OOM adjustment score, enhancing overall robustness. ([#6233](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6233), [@tnqn])
- Increase default rate limit of antrea-controller to improve performance for batch requests. ([#6231](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6231), [@tnqn])

> - Remove Docker Support for antrea-agent on Windows. ([#6019](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6019), [@XinShuYang])

Reviewer 3: s/Support/support

maybe link to the documentation PR (#6255) as well?

Author: Updated and add the link both 6255 and 6202 in the release log.

> - Stop publishing the legacy unified images. ([#6182](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6182), [@antoninbas])

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Stop publishing the legacy unified image. ([#6182](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6182), [@antoninbas])
```

> - Fix nil pointer dereference when `ClusterGroup`/`Group` is used in NetworkPolicy controller. ([#6077](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6077), [@tnqn])

Reviewer 4: This is a fix

> - Disable `libcapng` to make logrotate run as root in UBI images to fix an OVS crash issue. ([#6052](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6052), [@xliuxu])

Reviewer 4: This is a fix

Author: Moved to fix

> - Fall back to lenient decoding when strict decoding config fails to tolerate unknown fields and duplicate fields, which helps to improve Antrea robustness. ([#6156](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6156), [@tnqn])

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- Fall back to lenient decoding when strict decoding config fails to tolerate unknown fields and duplicate fields, ensuring forward compatibility of configurations. ([#6156](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6156), [@tnqn])
```

- Reduce Antrea cni binary size by removing unnecessary import packages. ([#6038](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6038), [@tnqn])

> - Strip all debug symbols from Go binaries by default. ([#6035](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6035), [@antoninbas])

Reviewer 4: Maybe we can group PRs regarding optimizing binary size together:
```
- Optimize package organization to reduce antctl binary size. ([#6037](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6037), [@tnqn])
- Disable cgo for all Antrea binaries. ([#5988](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/5988), [@antoninbas])
- Reduce Antrea cni binary size by removing unnecessary import packages. ([#6038](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6038), [@tnqn])
- Strip all debug symbols from Go binaries by default. ([#6035](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6035), [@antoninbas])
```

Author: Grouped with a new title.

> - Persist TLS certificate and key of antrea-controller and periodically sync the CA cert to improve robustness. ([#5955](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/5955) [#6205](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6205), [@tnqn])

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Persist TLS certificate and key of antrea-controller and sync the CA cert periodically to improve robustness. ([#5955](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/5955) [#6205](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6205), [@tnqn])
```

> - Add more validations for ExternalIPPool CRD to improve robustness. ([#5898](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/5898), [@aroradaman])

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Add more validations for `ExternalIPPool` CRD to improve robustness. ([#5898](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/5898), [@aroradaman])
```

> - Add L7 Network Policy logs for `allowed` HTTP traffic. ([#6014](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6014), [@qiyueyao])

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Add Antrea L7 NetworkPolicy logs for `allowed` HTTP traffic. ([#6014](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6014), [@qiyueyao])
```

- Add a flag for antctl to print OVS table names when users run `antctl get ovsflows --table-names-only`. ([#5895](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/5895) [#6100](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6100), [@luolanzone])
- Improve log message when antrea-agent fails to join a new Node. ([#6048](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6048), [@roopeshsn])
- Remove the prefix `rancher-wins` when collecting antrea-agent logs on Windows. ([#6223](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6223), [@wenyingd])
- Upgrade K8s libraries to v0.29.2. ([#5843](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/5843), [@hjiajing])

### Fixed

- Fix nil pointer dereference when `ClusterGroup`/`Group` is used in NetworkPolicy controller. ([#6077](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6077), [@tnqn])
- Disable `libcapng` to make logrotate run as root in UBI images to fix an OVS crash issue. ([#6052](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6052), [@xliuxu])
- Fix a race condition in antrea-agent Traceflow controller when a tag is associated again with a new Traceflow before the old Traceflow deletion event is processed. ([#5954](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/5954), [@tnqn])

> - Change the maximum flags from 7 to 255 to fix the wrong TCP flags validation issue in Traceflow CRD. ([#6050](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6050), [@gran-vmv])

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Change the maximum flags from 7 to 255 to fix the wrong TCP flags validation issue in `Traceflow` CRD. ([#6050](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6050), [@gran-vmv])
```

> - Use 65000 MTU upper bound for interfaces in encap mode in case of large packets being dropped unexpectedly. ([#5997](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/5997), [@antoninbas])

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Use 65000 MTU upper bound for interfaces in encap mode to account for the MTU automatically configured by OVS on tunnel ports, and avoid packet drops on some clusters. ([#5997](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/5997), [@antoninbas])
```

> - Do not try to update the type of Secret in `selfSignedCertProvider`, so Antrea can reuse the existing Opaque type of Secret with a user-provided certificate. ([#6205](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6205), [@tnqn])

Reviewer 4: This is a follow-up PR of a change in this release, so no need to mention it as a fixed

- Remove incorrect AntreaProxy warning on Windows when `proxyAll` is disabled. ([#6242](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6242), [@antoninbas])

> - Explicitly set kubelet's log files in Prepare-Node.ps1 on Windows to include the log files in support bundle collections. ([#6221](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6221), [@wenyingd])

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Explicitly set kubelet's log files in Prepare-Node.ps1 on Windows, to ensure that they are included in support bundle collections. ([#6221](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6221), [@wenyingd])
```

> - Add validation on antrea-agent options to fail antrea-agent when the encryption mode is set with the Multicast feature enabled. ([#5920](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/5920), [@wenyingd])

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Add validation on antrea-agent options to fail immediately when encryption is requested and the Multicast feature enabled. ([#5920](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/5920), [@wenyingd])
```

> - Improve log message when antrea-agent fails to join a new Node. ([#6048](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6048), [@roopeshsn])

Reviewer 4: This should be in changed

> - Remove the prefix `rancher-wins` when collecting antrea-agent logs on Windows. ([#6223](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6223), [@wenyingd])

Reviewer 4: This should be in changed

# Changelog 2.0

## 2.0.0 - 2024-04-26

### Added

- Add a new `PacketCapture` feature to allow users to capture the first N packets on a live traffic. ([#5821](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/5821), [@hangyan])
    - Refer to [this document](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/blob/release-2.0/docs/packetcapture-guide.md) for more information about this feature.
- Support `LoadBalancerIPMode` in AntreaProxy to implement K8s [KEP-1860](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/tree/master/keps/sig-network/1860-kube-proxy-IP-node-binding). ([#6102](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6102), [@hongliangl])

> - Add SameLabels support for Antrea ClusterNetworkPolicy peer Namespace selection. ([#4537](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/4537), [@Dyanngg])

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Add `SameLabels` support for Antrea ClusterNetworkPolicy peer Namespace selection. ([#4537](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/4537), [@Dyanngg])
```

Author: Updated

> - Add OVS groups dump information to support bundle to help troubleshooting. ([#6195](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6195), [@shikharish])

Author: Moved.

  - Remove a few deprecated v1alpha2 and v1alpha3 CRDs including `ClusterGroups`, `ExternalIPPool`, `ClusterGroup` and `Group`. ([#6049](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6049) [#6239](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6239), [@luolanzone] [@antoninbas])
  - Remove deprecated `ServiceAccount` field in ClusterSet type for Antrea Multi-cluster. ([#6134](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6134), [@luolanzone])
  - Remove a few deprecated options including `enableIPSecTunnel`,`multicastInterfaces`, `multicluster.enable` and `legacyCRDMirroring`. ([#5158](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/5158), [@luolanzone])
  - Clean up unused codes for NodePortLocal and remove the deprecated `nplPortRange` config. ([#5943](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6943), [@luolanzone])
  - Clean up deprecated APIServices. ([#6002](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6002), [@tnqn])
- Multiple documents are updated to reflect the latest changes with clearer guidance.
  - Update the OVS pipeline document and workflow diagram to keep them up to date. ([#5412](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/5412), [@hongliangl])

>   - Clarify documentation for IPPool and ExternalIPPool CRDs. ([#6183](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6183), [@antoninbas])

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - Clarify documentation for `IPPool` and `ExternalIPPool` CRDs. ([#6183](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6183), [@antoninbas])
```

  - Document Pods using FQDN based policies must respect DNS TTL. ([#6230](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6230), [@tnqn])
  - Document the limitations of Audit Logging for policy rules. ([#6225](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6225), [@antoninbas])
  - Add the user document for Antrea native secondary network support. ([#6015](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6015) [#6042](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6042), [@jianjuns] [@antoninbas])
- Increase the minimum supported Kubernetes version to v1.19. ([#6089](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6089), [@hjiajing])

> - Upgrade IPPool CRD to v1beta1 and make the subnet definition consistent with the one in ExternalIPPool CRD. ([#6036](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6036), [@mengdie-song])

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Upgrade `IPPool` CRD to v1beta1 and make the subnet definition consistent with the one in `ExternalIPPool` CRD. ([#6036](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6036), [@mengdie-song])
```

> - Request basic memory for antrea-controller to adjust its OOM score to avoid being killed too early by K8s scheduler. ([#6233](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6233), [@tnqn])

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- Request basic memory for antrea-controller to improve its scheduling and reduce its OOM adjustment score, enhancing overall robustness. ([#6233](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6233), [@tnqn])
```

Author: Updated

- Increase default rate limit of antrea-controller to improve performance for batch requests. ([#6231](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6231), [@tnqn])

> - Remove Docker Support for Antrea Agent on Windows. ([#6019](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6019), [@XinShuYang])

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Remove Docker Support for antrea-agent on Windows. ([#6019](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6019), [@XinShuYang])
```

- Publish the new split antrea-agent and antrea-controller images only by removing the unified image. ([#6182](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6182), [@antoninbas])

> - Avoid unnecessary DNS queries for FQDN rule of NetworkPolicy in Antrea Agent. ([#6200](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6200), [@tnqn])

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Avoid unnecessary DNS queries for FQDN rule of NetworkPolicy in antrea-agent. ([#6200](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6200), [@tnqn])
```

- Optimize package organization to reduce antctl binary size. ([#6037](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6037), [@tnqn])
- Disable cgo for all Antrea binaries. ([#5988](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/5988), [@antoninbas])
- Stop using `projects.registry.vmware.com` for user-facing images. ([#6073](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6073), [@antoninbas])

> - Fix nil pointer dereference when ClusterGroup/Group is used in NetworkPolicy controller. ([#6077](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6077), [@tnqn])

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fix nil pointer dereference when `ClusterGroup/Group` is used in NetworkPolicy controller. ([#6077](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6077), [@tnqn])
```

- Disable `libcapng` to make logrotate run as root in UBI images to fix an OVS crash issue. ([#6052](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6052), [@xliuxu])
- Fall back to lenient decoding when strict decoding config fails to tolerate unknown fields and duplicate fields, which helps to improve antrea robustness. ([#6156](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6156), [@tnqn])
- Reduce antrea cni binary size by removing unnecessary import package. ([#6038](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6038), [@tnqn])
- Strip all debug symbols from Go binaries by default. ([#6035](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6035), [@antoninbas])

> - Skip loading openvswitch kernel module if it's already built-in. ([#5979](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/5979), [@antoninbas])

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Skip loading Open vSwitch kernel module if it's already built-in. ([#5979](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/5979), [@antoninbas])
```

Author: This is kept as openvswitch in purpose because it's the module name, maybe I can add it as `openvswitch`.

- Persist TLS certificate and key of antrea-controller and periodically sync the CA cert to improve robustness. ([#5955](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/5955), [@tnqn])
- Add more validations for ExternalIPPool CRD to improve robustness. ([#5898](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/5898), [@aroradaman])
- Add L7 Network Policy logs for `allowed` HTTP traffic. ([#6014](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6014), [@qiyueyao])
- Upgrade K8s libraries to v0.29.2. ([#5843](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/5843), [@hjiajing])

### Fixed

> - Fix race condition in agent Traceflow controller when a tag is associated again with a new Traceflow before the old Traceflow deletion event is processed. ([#5954](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/5954), [@tnqn])

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fix race condition in antrea-agent Traceflow controller when a tag is associated again with a new Traceflow before the old `Traceflow` deletion event is processed. ([#5954](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/5954), [@tnqn])
```

- Change the maximum flags from 7 to 255 to fix the wrong TCP flags validation issue in Traceflow CRD. ([#6050](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6050), [@gran-vmv])

> - Update maximum number of buckets to 700 in OVS group add/insert_bucket message. ([#5942](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/5942), [@hongliangl])

Author: Moved

- Use 65000 MTU upper bound for interfaces in encap mode in case of large packets being dropped unexpectedly. ([#5997](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/5997), [@antoninbas])
- Install Multicast related iptables rules only on IPv4 chains to fix the Antrea agent initialization failure occurred when Multicast feature is enabled in dual-stack clusters. ([#6123](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6123), [@wenyingd])
- Add a flag for antctl to print OVS table names only when users run `antctl get ovsflows --table-names-only`. ([#5895](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/5895) [#6100](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6100), [@luolanzone])

> - Remove incorrect AntreaProxy warning on Windows when proxyAll is disabled. ([#6242](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6242), [@antoninbas])

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Remove incorrect AntreaProxy warning on Windows when `proxyAll` is disabled. ([#6242](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6242), [@antoninbas])
```

- Explicitly set kubelet's log files in Prepare-Node.ps1 on Windows to fix kubelet log missing issue in support bundle collections. ([#6221](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6221), [@wenyingd])

> - Do not try to update the type of Secret in selfSignedCertProvider, so antrea can reuse the existing Opaque type of secret with a user-provided certificate. ([#6205](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6205), [@tnqn])

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Do not try to update the type of Secret in `selfSignedCertProvider`, so Antrea can reuse the existing Opaque type of secret with a user-provided certificate. ([#6205](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6205), [@tnqn])
```

### Changed

- Multiple deprecated APIs, fields and options have been removed from Antrea.
  - Remove deprecated v1alpha1 CRDs `Tier`, `ClusterNetworkPolicy`, `NetworkPolicy`, `Traceflow` and `ExternalEntity`. ([#6162](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6162) [#6177](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6177) [#6238](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6238), [@luolanzone] [@hjiajing] [@antoninbas])
  - Remove deprecated v1alpha2 and v1alpha3 CRDs `ClusterGroups`, `ExternalIPPool`, `ClusterGroup` and `Group`. ([#6049](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6049) [#6239](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6239), [@luolanzone] [@antoninbas])
  - Remove deprecated `ServiceAccount` field in `ClusterSet` type for Antrea Multi-cluster. ([#6134](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6134), [@luolanzone])
  - Remove deprecated options `enableIPSecTunnel`,`multicastInterfaces`, `multicluster.enable` and `legacyCRDMirroring`. ([#5158](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/5158), [@luolanzone])

>   - Clean up unused code for NodePortLocal and remove the deprecated `nplPortRange` config. ([#5943](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6943), [@luolanzone])

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  - Clean up unused code for NodePortLocal and remove the deprecated `nplPortRange` config. ([#5943](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/5943), [@luolanzone])
```

There is a typo in the link

- Explicitly set kubelet's log files in Prepare-Node.ps1 on Windows, to ensure that they are included in support bundle collections. ([#6221](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6221), [@wenyingd])
- Add validation on antrea-agent options to fail immediately when encryption is requested and the Multicast feature enabled. ([#5920](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/5920), [@wenyingd])
- Don't print the incorrect warning message when users run `antrea-controller --version` outside of K8s. ([#5993](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/5993), [@prakrit55])
- Record event when EgressIP is uninstalled from a Node and remains unassigned. ([#6011](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6011), [@jainpulkit22])
- Fix a bug that the local traffic cannot be identified on `networkPolicyOnly` mode. ([#6251](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6251), [@hongliangl])
- Use reserved OVS controller ports for the default Antrea ports to fix a potential `ofport` mismatch issue. ([#6202](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6202), [@antoninbas])

> - Fix a bug that AntreaProxy could unintentionally delete `conntrack` entries in zone 0. ([#6193](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6193), [@hongliangl])

Reviewer 4: this hasn't been merged and is a risky change due to netlink lib upgrade.

Author: Ok, @tnqn do you want to postpone the merge? I can remove this from the release log.

Author: Removed

  - Remove deprecated v1alpha2 and v1alpha3 CRDs `ClusterGroups`, `ExternalIPPool`, `ClusterGroup` and `Group`. ([#6049](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6049) [#6239](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6239), [@luolanzone] [@antoninbas])
  - Remove deprecated `ServiceAccount` field in `ClusterSet` type for Antrea Multi-cluster. ([#6134](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6134), [@luolanzone])
  - Remove deprecated options `enableIPSecTunnel`,`multicastInterfaces`, `multicluster.enable` and `legacyCRDMirroring`. ([#5158](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/5158), [@luolanzone])
  - Clean up unused code for NodePortLocal and remove the deprecated `nplPortRange` config. ([#5943](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/5943), [@luolanzone])
  - Clean up deprecated APIServices. ([#6002](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6002), [@tnqn])
- Documentation has been updated to reflect recent changes and provide better guidance to users.

>   - Add upgrade instructions for Antrea v2.0. ([#6261](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6261), [@antoninbas])

Author: @antoninbas I added a line here  for `Add upgrade instructions for Antrea v2.0 #6261`, please check. Thanks.

Reviewer 3: Looks good, but I would recommend also adding one line at the very beginning of the CHANGELOG, as it is important that users run `antctl upgrade api-storage` before upgrading. Something like this:

```
# Changelog 2.0

*Some deprecated APIs have been removed in Antrea v2.0. Before upgrading, please read these [guidelines](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/blob/release-2.0/docs/versioning.md#upgrading-from-antrea-v1-to-antrea-v2) carefully.*

## 2.0.0 - 2024-04-26

### Added
```

Author: Added. Thanks.

- Explicitly set kubelet's log files in Prepare-Node.ps1 on Windows, to ensure that they are included in support bundle collections. ([#6221](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6221), [@wenyingd])
- Add validation on antrea-agent options to fail immediately when encryption is requested and the Multicast feature enabled. ([#5920](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/5920), [@wenyingd])
- Don't print the incorrect warning message when users run `antrea-controller --version` outside of K8s. ([#5993](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/5993), [@prakrit55])
- Record event when EgressIP is uninstalled from a Node and remains unassigned. ([#6011](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6011), [@jainpulkit22])
- Fix a bug that the local traffic cannot be identified on `networkPolicyOnly` mode. ([#6251](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6251), [@hongliangl])
- Use reserved OVS controller ports for the default Antrea ports to fix a potential `ofport` mismatch issue. ([#6202](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/6202), [@antoninbas])

> 
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer 2: Should we left only one line here?

Author: I will push the change later after all tests passed.
